Clarify remote MCP setup (#8413)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/setup-remote-mcp.md

  | Header | Required | Description |
  | --- | --- | --- |

>   | Authorization | Required | Your personal access token or service token from the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. <br/> **Note**: When using the Semantic Layer, it is recommended to use a personal access token. If you're using a service token, make sure that it has at least `Semantic Layer Only`, `Metadata Only`, and `Developer` permissions. <br> Needs to be in the format `Token <token>` or `Bearer <token>`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Authorization | Required | Your personal access token or service token from the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. <br/> **Note**: When using the Semantic Layer, it is recommended to use a personal access token. If you're using a service token, make sure that it has at least `Semantic Layer Only`, `Metadata Only`, and `Developer` permissions. <br /><br /> The value must be in the format `Token YOUR_DBT_ACCESS_TOKEN` or `Bearer YOUR_DBT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, replacing `YOUR_DBT_ACCESS_TOKEN` with your actual token.  |
```
